[MIG] l10n_ar_currency_update: Migration to 18.0 (#457)
ingadhoc/odoo-argentina-ee: l10n_ar_currency_update/README.rst

Argentinian Currency Rate Update
================================

> This will add AFIP Web Service as your currency provider (official argentinian provider). It is neccesary to have afip certificate updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will add AFIP Web Service as your currency provider (official argentinian provider). It is neccesary to have set on the company afip valid certificate.
```

> By default the automatic rate updates are inactive, you can active them by company

Reviewer: Mas abajo dodne dice "tipo de cambio DIVISA"  agregar "de Venta"
